I remember tears streaming down your face When I said, I'll never let you go When all those shadows almost killed your light I remember you said, Don't leave me here alone But all that's dead and gone and passed tonight Just close your eyes The sun is going down You'll be alright No one can hurt you now Come morning light You and I'll be safe and sound Don't you dare look out your window darling Everything's on fire The war outside our door keeps raging on Hold onto this lullaby Even when the music's gone Gone Just close your eyes The sun is going down You'll be alright No one can hurt you now Come morning light You and I'll be safe and sound Oooh, Oooh, Oooh, Oooh La La (La La) La La (La La) Oooh, Oooh, Oooh, Oooh La La (La La) Just close your eyes You'll be alright Come morning light, You and I'll be safe and sound... Oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh oh oh Everybody's waiting Everybody's watching Even when you're sleeping Keep your ey-eyes open The tricky thing Is yesterday we were just children Playing soldiers just pretending Dreaming dreams with happy endings In backyards, winning battles with our wooden swords But now we've stepped into a cruel world Where everybody stands and keeps score Keep your eyes open Everybody's waiting for you to breakdown Everybody's watching to see the fallout Even when you're sleeping, sleeping Keep your ey-eyes open Keep your ey-eyes open Keep your ey-eyes open So here you are, two steps ahead and staying on guard Every lesson forms a new scar They never thought you'd make it this far But turn around (turn around), oh they've surrounded you It's a showdown  and nobody comes to save you now But you've got something they don't Yeah you've got something they don't You've just gotta keep your eyes open Everybody's waiting for you to breakdown Everybody's watching to see the fallout Even when you're sleeping, sleeping Keep your ey-eyes open Keep your ey-eyes open Keep your ey-eyes Keep your feet ready Heartbeat steady Keep your eyes open Keep your aim locked The night goes dark Keep your eyes open (keep your eyes open) Everybody's waiting for you to breakdown Everybody's watching to see the fallout Even when you're sleeping, sleeping Keep your ey-eyes open Keep your ey-eyes open Keep your ey-eyes open Keep your ey-eyes open Keep your ey-eyes open I'd never gone with the wind Just let it flow Let it take me where it wants to go 'Til you open the door There's so much more I'd never seen it before I was trying to fly But I couldn't find wings But you came along and you changed everything [Chorus:] You lift my feet off the ground You spin me around You make me crazier, crazier Feels like I'm falling and I am lost in your eyes You make me crazier, crazier, crazier I've watched from a distance as you made life your own Every sky was your own kind of blue And I wanted to know how that would feel And you made it so real You showed me something that I couldn't see You opened my eyes And you made me believe [Chorus] Baby you showed me what living is for I don't wanna hide anymore Oh oh You lift my feet off the ground You spin me around You make me crazier, crazier Feels like I'm fallin' and I am lost in your eyes You make me crazier, crazier, crazier Crazier, crazier. We were both young when I first saw you. I close my eyes and the flashback starts: I'm standing there on a balcony in summer air. See the lights, see the party, the ball gowns. See you make your way through the crowd And say, Hello, Little did I know... That you were Romeo, you were throwing pebbles, And my daddy said, Stay away from Juliet And I was crying on the staircase Begging you, Please don't go And I said... Romeo, take me somewhere we can be alone. I'll be waiting; all that's left to do is run. You'll be the prince and I'll be the princess, It's a love story, baby, just say, Yes. So I sneak out to the garden to see you. We keep quiet 'cause we're dead if they knew So close your eyes... escape this town for a little while. Oh, oh. 'Cause you were Romeo - I was a scarlet letter, And my daddy said, Stay away from Juliet But you were everything to me, I was begging you, Please don't go And I said... Romeo, take me somewhere we can be alone. I'll be waiting; all that's left to do is run. You'll be the prince and I'll be the princess. It's a love story, baby, just say, Yes. Romeo, save me, they're trying to tell me how to feel. This love is difficult but it's real. Don't be afraid, we'll make it out of this mess. It's a love story, baby, just say, Yes. Oh, oh, oh. I got tired of waiting Wondering if you were ever coming around. My faith in you was fading When I met you on the outskirts of town. And I said... Romeo, save me, I've been feeling so alone. I keep waiting for you but you never come. Is this in my head? I don't know what to think. He knelt to the ground and pulled out a ring and said... Marry me, Juliet, you'll never have to be alone. I love you, and that's all I really know. I talked to your dad - go pick out a white dress It's a love story, baby, just say, Yes. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. 'Cause we were both young when I first saw you 'Cause, baby, now we got bad blood You know it used to be mad love So take a look what you've done 'Cause, baby, now we got bad blood Hey Now we got problems And I don't think we can solve them You made a really deep cut And, baby, now we got bad blood Hey Did you have to do this? I was thinking that you could be trusted Did you have to ruin what was shiny? Now it's all rusted Did you have to hit me, where I'm weak? Baby, I couldn't breathe And rub it in so deep, salt in the wound like you're laughing right at me Oh, it's so sad to think about the good times, you and I 'Cause, baby, now we got bad blood You know it used to be mad love So take a look what you've done 'Cause, baby, now we got bad blood Hey Now we got problems And I don't think we can solve them You made a really deep cut And, baby, now we got bad blood Hey Did you think we'd be fine? Still got scars on my back from your knife So don't think it's in the past, these kinda wounds they last and they last. Now did you think it all through? All these things will catch up to you And time can heal but this won't, so if you're coming my way, just don't Oh, it's so sad to think about the good times, you and I 'Cause, baby, now we got bad blood You know it used to be mad love So take a look what you've done 'Cause, baby, now we got bad blood Hey Now we got problems And I don't think we can solve them You made a really deep cut And, baby, now we got bad blood Hey Band-aids don't fix bullet holes You say sorry just for show If you live like that, you live with ghosts  Band-aids don't fix bullet holes  You say sorry just for show  If you live like that, you live with ghosts  Mhmmm If you love like that blood runs cold 'Cause, baby, now we got bad blood You know it used to be mad love (mad love) So take a look what you've done 'Cause, baby, now we got bad blood Hey Now we got problems And I don't think we can solve them (think we can solve them) You made a really deep cut And, baby, now we got bad blood  'Cause, baby, now we got bad blood You know it used to be mad love So take a look what you've done (look what you've done) 'Cause, baby, now we got bad blood Hey Now we got problems And I don't think we can solve them You made a really deep cut And, baby, now we got bad blood Hey I stay up too late, got nothing in my brain That's what people say mmm, that's what people say mm I go on too many dates, but I can't make 'em stay At least that's what people say mmm, that's what people say mmm But I keep cruising, can't stop, won't stop moving It's like I got this music in my body and it's gonna be alright 'Cause the players gonna play, play, play, play, play And the haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off Heartbreakers gonna break, break, break, break, break And the fakers gonna fake, fake, fake, fake, fake Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off I'll never miss a beat, I'm lightning on my feet And that's what they don't see mmm, that's what they don't see mmm I'm dancing on my own (dancing on my own), I'll make the moves up as I go (moves up as I go) And that's what they don't know mmm, that's what they don't know mmm But I keep cruising, can't stop, won't stop grooving It's like I got this music in my body saying it's gonna be alright 'Cause the players gonna play, play, play, play, play And the haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off Heartbreakers gonna break, break, break, break, break And the fakers gonna fake, fake, fake, fake, fake Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off I, I shake it off, I shake it off I, I shake it off, I shake it off I, I shake it off, I shake it off I, I shake it off, I shake it off Hey, hey, hey, just think while you've been getting down and out about the liars and dirty, dirty cheats in the world you could have been getting down to this sick beat My ex-man brought his new girlfriend She's like oh my God, but I'm just gonna shake it And to the fella over there with the hella good hair Won't you come on over, baby, we can shake, shake, shake1 'Cause the players gonna play, play, play, play, play And the haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off Heartbreakers gonna break, break, break, break, break And the fakers gonna fake, fake, fake, fake, fake Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off I, I shake it off, I shake it off I, I shake it off, I shake it off I, I shake it off, I shake it off I, I shake it off, I shake it off I shake it off, I shake it off I, I shake it off, I shake it off I, I shake it off, I shake it off I, I shake it off, I shake it off Nice to meet you, where you been? I could show you incredible things Magic, madness, heaven, sin Saw you there and I thought Oh my God, look at that face You look like my next mistake Love's a game, want to play? New money, suit and tie I can read you like a magazine Ain't it funny, rumors fly And I know you heard about me So hey, let's be friends I'm dying to see how this one ends Grab your passport and my hand I can make the bad guys good for a weekend So it's gonna be forever Or it's gonna go down in flames You can tell me when it's over If the high was worth the pain Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane 'Cause you know I love the players And you love the game 'Cause we're young and we're reckless We'll take this way too far It'll leave you breathless Or with a nasty scar Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane But I've got a blank space baby And I'll write your name Cherry lips, crystal skies I could show you incredible things Stolen kisses, pretty lies You're the king baby I'm your Queen Find out what you want Be that girl for a month Wait the worst is yet to come, oh no Screaming, crying, perfect storm I can make all the tables turn Rose gardens filled with thorns Keep you second guessing like Oh my God, who is she? I get drunk on jealousy But you'll come back each time you leave 'Cause darling I'm a nightmare dressed like a daydream So it's gonna be forever Or it's gonna go down in flames You can tell me when it's over If the high was worth the pain Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane 'Cause you know I love the players And you love the game 'Cause we're young and we're reckless We'll take this way too far It'll leave you breathless Or with a nasty scar Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane  But I've got a blank space baby And I'll write your name Boys only want love if it's torture Don't say I didn't say I didn't warn ya Boys only want love if it's torture Don't say I didn't say I didn't warn ya So it's gonna be forever Or it's gonna go down in flames You can tell me when it's over If the high was worth the pain Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane 'Cause you know I love the players And you love the game 'Cause we're young and we're reckless We'll take this way too far It'll leave you breathless Or with a nasty scar Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane But I've got a blank space baby And I'll write your name You're on the phone with your girlfriend She's upset, she's going off about something that you said 'Cause she doesn't get your humor like I do. I'm in the room, it's a typical Tuesday night. I'm listening to the kind of music she doesn't like. And she'll never know your story like I do. But she wears short skirts I wear t-shirts She's cheer captain And I'm on the bleachers Dreaming about the day when you wake up and find That what you're looking for has been here the whole time. If you could see That I'm the one Who understands you. Been here all along. So, why can't you see You belong with me, You belong with me. Walk in the streets with you in your worn out jeans I can't help thinking this is how it ought to be. Laughing on a park bench thinking to myself, Hey, isn't this easy? And you've got a smile That could light up this whole town. I haven't seen it in a while Since she brought you down. You say you're fine I know you better than that. Hey, what you doing with a girl like that? She wears high heels, I wear sneakers. She's cheer captain, And I'm on the bleachers. Dreaming about the day when you wake up and find That what you're looking for has been here the whole time. If you could see That I'm the one Who understands you, Been here all along. So, why can't you see You belong with me. Standing by and waiting at your backdoor. All this time how could you not know, baby? You belong with me, You belong with me. Oh, I remember you driving to my house In the middle of the night. I'm the one who makes you laugh When you know you're 'bout to cry. I know your favorite songs, And you tell me about your dreams. Think I know where you belong, Think I know it's with me. Can't you see That I'm the one Who understands you? Been here all along. So, why can't you see You belong with me. Standing by and waiting at your backdoor. All this time how could you not know, baby? You belong with me, You belong with me. You belong with me. Have you ever thought just maybe You belong with me? You belong with me. He said let's get out of this town Drive out of the city Away from the crowds I thought heaven can't help me now Nothing lasts forever But this is gonna take me down He's so tall, and handsome as hell He's so bad but he does it so well I can see the end as it begins my one condition is Say you'll remember me Standing in a nice dress, staring at the sunset babe Red lips and rosy cheeks Say you'll see me again even if it's just in your wildest dreams (Ah ah) Wildest dreams (Ah ah) I said no one has to know what we do His hands are in my hair, his clothes are in my room And his voice is a familiar sound, nothing lasts forever But this is getting good now He's so tall, and handsome as hell He's so bad but he does it so well And when we've had our very last kiss But my last request it is Say you'll remember me Standing in a nice dress, staring at the sunset babe Red lips and rosy cheeks Say you'll see me again even if it's just in your wildest dreams (Ah ah) (Ah ah) Wildest dreams (Ah ah) You see me in hindsight Tangled up with you all night Burn it down Some day when you leave me I bet these memories hunt you around You see me in hindsight Tangled up with you all night Burn it down (Burn it down) Some day when you leave me I bet these memories follow you around (Follow you around) Say you'll remember me Standing in a nice dress, staring at the sunset babe Red lips and rosy cheeks Say you'll see me again even if it's just pretend Say you'll remember me Standing in a nice dress, staring at the sunset babe Red lips and rosy cheeks Say you'll see me again even if it's just (Just pretend, just pretend) in your wildest dreams (Ah ah) In your wildest dreams (Ah ah) Even if it's just in your wildest dreams (Ah ah) In your wildest dreams (Ah ah) Midnight, You come and pick me up, no headlights A long drive, Could end in burning flames or paradise Fade into view, oh, it's been a while since I have even heard from you (heard from you) I should just tell you to leave 'cause I Know exactly where it leads but I Watch us go 'round and 'round each time You got that James Dean daydream look in your eye And I got that red lip classic thing that you like And when we go crashing down, we come back every time 'Cause we never go out of style We never go out of style You got that long hair, slicked back, white t-shirt And I got that good girl faith and a tight little skirt And when we go crashing down, we come back every time 'Cause we never go out of style We never go out of style. So it goes He can't keep his wild eyes on the road Takes me home Lights are off, he's taking off his coat, hmm, yeah. I say, I heard, oh, that you've been out and about with some other girl, some other girl. He says, What you've heard is true but I Can't stop thinking about you, and I... I said, I've been there, too, a few times. 'Cause you got that James Dean daydream look in your eye And I got that red lip classic thing that you like And when we go crashing down, we come back every time 'Cause we never go out of style We never go out of style You got that long hair, slicked back, white t-shirt And I got that good girl faith and a tight little skirt (tight little skirt) And when we go crashing down, we come back every time 'Cause we never go out of style We never go out of style Take me home Just take me home, yeah. Just take me home (out of style) You got that James Dean daydream look in your eye And I got that red lip classic thing that you like And when we go crashing down, we come back every time 'Cause we never go out of style We never go out of style